A way to navigate from canvas tree to the workspace page.
- Test mobile.
gedcom export and import.

Create multiple test trees for each phase that run only for specific users.
point the line to the right person, not the center.

Next phases:
- Assign existing relative (assign parent that already exists to person with no parent)


Check other inputs in MacFamilyTree

Handle deleting a parent (can check mac family tree)

Previous links redirects. e.g. /saeed, /sharbek, etc. Request access from admin

title - الكنية, standard or not in gedcom. shall we create tag?



Low priority now:

Version control
إصدار نعوة
UI latest touches.
divorce/khol3, etc


MCP (Model Context Protocol):
- Consider exposing solalah as an MCP server so AI assistants can query/navigate the family tree
- Use cases: answer questions about relatives, generate summaries, assist with mirath calculations,
Read tree of a person in book or website and populate it.

API / Platform integrations:
- Expose an API so the platform can be integrated with external services
- Think about what data to expose, auth, and use cases
- Think about adding to the tree.

Make people close together. do not make them this much far away.

Search is good but sort it so the result which
has first word matches search first word appears first.
or let us say first name matches first word appears first.




وصف مساحة العائلة
وصف العائلة
التفكير باسم جديد للمنتج، ربما "نسلي"
إعدادات الخصوصية:
إخفاء النساء
إخفاء تواريخ الميلاد للرجال
إخفاء تواريخ الميلاد للنساء
إخفاء الملاحطات
الزوجات الأخريات هل هن أمهات في الرضاعة؟ والمطلقات؟



التنسيق:
تغيير ألوان النساء والرجال.
توحيد الألوان


all person serach picker shall contain person birth date.

test with non admin role (edit etc)

عدة آباء وعدة أمهات من الرضاعة (الأزواج المتوفين أو المطلقين والزوجات الأخريات)



i wanna the gedcom expoert check islamic gedcom page and tell me if we made a mistake or not. as you know, if the father from rada   
  has multiple wives, all of them becomes mothers from rada, but also we need to indicate the main one that gave milk. i wanna know
  if there are missing gabs, and perhaps if there is a gab also

When adding a person, add the family automatically but make it editable.

When adding person to عائلة الزوج/الزوجة, currently only father create navigation,
but brother or another husband/wife won't create it. Needs some thinking because
if there is no father created, this might cause issue because there is no proper root.